# Project-1
Project #1
Star Wars Trivia is a simple app where it asks the user 5 questions (for now) about star wars films. The user is able to pick from 3 multiple choices, click a button to give the next question and can see which question number they are currently on. When the user picks and answer, the app will either output "correct" if they are correct or it will fetch the data and output to the user the correct answer while also keeping track of how many are correct and wrong. My first approach was to create an array of objects where each object holds the question as a string, and array of choices with the correct one set to true and the incorrect ones are false, and a function that outputs the answer. Once the user finishes answering all questions, the app will start over again with the first question and the score will reset. CSS animation is used when outputting correct or wrong where the background opacity goes from 0 to 1 to 0 again. My main struggle was outputting the data from the api, at first i wanted to put the fetch function inside another function called answer() where it would return the data (e.g. person.name) and answer() would be a key value inside the question object, and then i would just be able to use the function answer() to get the data ,but for some reason i kept getting undefined. so my solution was to just output (set innerText) inside the fetch function and it worked.
link to app: https://64cac85a3f3b7c05ed681922--regal-tanuki-9c1a67.netlify.app 
